The violation occurred in the Land of Lost Socks, during the Annual Sock Sorting Summit.
The noncompliance occurred during the Great Jellybean Jamboree at the Department of Dessert Delights.
The violation took place in the Hall of Haphazard Hugs during the International Hug-a-Thon.
It happened at the Bureau of Bizarre Bureaucracy's Enigmatic Escapade Extravaganza.
The noncompliance occurred during the Mysterious Memo Muddle at the Ministry of Misplaced Documents.
It took place at the Department of Dizzying Dances' Disco Disaster Dance-off.
The violation occurred during the Committee of Confusing Conundrums' Convoluted Conundrum Convention.
It happened at the Bureau of Bewildering Bureaucracy's Bizarre Boardroom Banquet.
The noncompliance took place during the Office of Oddball Operations' Outlandish Outfit Olympics.
It occurred during the Department of Delightfully Distracted Delegates' Dizzying Doodling Dilemma.
The violation took place at the Confederation of Comical Contrivances' Capricious Cartwheel Contest.
It happened during the Society of Surreal Statutes' Stupefying Stipulation Symposium.
The noncompliance occurred during the Institute of Ironic Incidents' Inexplicable Irony Intervention.
It took place at the Guild of Grotesque Governance's Gigantic Gaffe Gala.
The violation occurred during the Fellowship of Flawed Formalities' Fantastically Flawed Formal Function.
It happened at the Association of Absurd Audits' Absurd Audit Extravaganza.
The noncompliance took place during the Syndicate of Sardonic Solutions' Sardonic Solution Summit.
It occurred during the Circle of Comically Contradictory Cases' Confounding Case Conference.
The violation took place at the Corporation of Comical Compliance's Comical Compliance Carnival.
It happened during the Assembly of Absurd Allegations' Absurd Allegation Assembly.
The noncompliance occurred during the Coalition of Contrived Conundrums' Contrived Conundrum Caucus.
It took place at the Collective of Kafkaesque Knavery's Kooky Knavery Convention.
The violation occurred during the Society of Sardonic Statutes' Sardonic Statute Symposium.
It happened at the Alliance of Anomalous Adjudications' Anomalous Adjudication Assembly.
The noncompliance took place during the Bureau of Bizarre Bureaucrats' Bizarre Bureaucrat Bash.
It occurred during the Department of Delightfully Distracted Delegates' Delightfully Distracted Dialogue.
The violation took place at the League of Lyrical Litigations' Lyrical Litigation Luncheon.
It happened during the Association of Awkward Allegations' Awkward Allegation Assembly.
The noncompliance occurred during the Committee of Complicated Compliances' Complicated Compliance Convention.
It took place at the Guild of Grotesque Governance's Grotesque Governance Gala.
The violation occurred during the Council of Confounding Conformity's Confounding Conformity Conference.
It happened at the Society of Stupefying Stipulations' Stupefying Stipulation Symposium.
The noncompliance took place during the Federation of Farcical Formalities' Farcical Formality Forum.
It occurred during the Alliance of Absurd Actions' Absurd Action Assembly.
The violation took place at the Consortium of Confounding Contrivances' Confounding Contrivance Convention.
It happened during the Organization of Oddball Oaths' Oddball Oath Outing.
The noncompliance occurred during the Institute of Ironic Incidents' Ironic Incident Inquiry.
It took place at the Order of Outlandish Oversight's Outlandish Oversight Occasion.
The violation occurred during the Board of Bewildering Bureaucracy's Bewildering Bureaucrat Ball.
It happened at the Guild of Grandiose Gaffes' Grandiose Gaffe Gala.
The noncompliance took place during the Confederation of Comic Contrivances' Comic Contrivance Conference.
It occurred during the Society of Surreal Statutes' Surreal Statute Symposium.
The violation occurred during the Fellowship of Flawed Formalities' Flawed Formality Forum.
It happened at the Alliance of Absurd Audits' Absurd Audit Assembly.
The noncompliance took place during the Syndicate of Sardonic Solutions' Sardonic Solution Symposium.
It occurred during the Circle of Comically Contradictory Cases' Comically Contradictory Case Conference.